It-Almost-Works Load Balancer
=============================

This is a new name for a code I wrote years ago for a specific
need. It served and serves its purpose, though it can't be considered
*production ready* at all. (Likely *load balancer* is an improper
name, because it doesn't do any kind of balancing.)

Now I'm exploring the so called *literate programming* and I thought
to reuse that code and write it in a literate programming style. This
is the reason why this repository exists.


Thoughts about literate programming
-----------------------------------

The idea fascinates me, but I think it has several dark corners
and things I don't like.

- What about huge systems? A simple program took 20 pages and the
  generated PDF files is 215 kBytes (with `pdftex`; using `xdvipdfmx`
  run by `xetex` halved the size); maybe it can be made smaller using
  standard PDF fonts (avoiding embedding them?), but it means to tweak
  CWEB fonts consistently... (It would be easier using LaTeX instead
  of plainTeX.)
- The output is TeX with format plainTeX. At first I liked it, then
  realized that I became accustomed to LaTeX too much; what about writing
  in Italian, changing input encoding (utf8!), font encoding to use
  more “modern” fonts, ... and so on? (I bet there are solutions to this,
  but they aren't already there.)
- 20 pages or hundreds of pages, it doesn't matter: you don't want
  to print them, do you? PDF with links is good, but an easy
  search through the source code could work better in some cases,
  and what about what modern IDEs allow to do?
  - HTML output would be better, I believe.
- I don't like the default formatting of C/C++ code, and it isn't that easy to
  customize it. I would like to use colors more than boldface
  and italics, like many syntax highlighters do.
- Code is readable only in the generated PDF (or DVI), i.e. in the
  final product of `cweave`, but the code generated by `ctangle` is
  just for the machine. I do like to read source codes, but with CWEB
  you can comfortably read only the PDF/DVI.


These are about CWEB; other literate programming tools could fix some
of those problems.
